fix links to security-best-practices and troubleshooting-guide (#3526)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/kubernetes/troubleshoot-collection.md

                    - IntenseLogGeneration
```

For more information, see [Setting different resources on different nodes for logs collector](/docs/send-data/kubernetes/best-practices/#setting-different-resources-on-different-nodes-for-logs-collector).

> document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information look at the `Setting different resources on different nodes for logs collector` section in [Advanced Configuration / Best Practices](best-practices.md#setting-different-resources-on-different-nodes-for-logs-collector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Setting different resources on different nodes for logs collector](/docs/send-data/kubernetes/best-practices/#setting-different-resources-on-different-nodes-for-logs-collector).
```
